-What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, it's now able to be tracked with Git.
Even thou no Commit has been created. It's vital to get the process started.

-How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a middle point. 
You connect the Working directory and push a commit with the files that are inside the staging area.

I can believe this would save space when doing the commits, as it would only make a backup of the files selected.
Since no changes were made on the other files, It's a snapshot of how things were.

Althou that would be kind of tricky, provided you make a mistake on the staging area.

-How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Staging area allows you to see the changes between Work, Staging Area, and latest commit.
You can see the steps you've made until then.

If there is more than logical change in this jump, you can add, commit one, and then the other.
Ideally this works on separate files. But You could do it on a one file.

-What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

Branches are useful when working on two forks at the same time.
But they would be particularlly useful when cooperating.

-How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A diagram has well defined where the split happens, and which commits are reachable and which arent.
What happens to the commits that are not reachable? do Garbage collection happens at one point?

-What is the result of merging two branches together?
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Because both (The diagram and the actual merge) show that the new point takes all the Commits into account.
All of the new changes converse in this new commit.

Pretty fucking nifty.

What are the pros and cons of Gif's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

I don't have enough perspective to see now.
But I can assume that there are issues I'm overlooking at the moment.

But as far as I can see, the automatic merging seems to work wonders. 
Obviously won't be the same as havinga person go and read the code.

But it is.... pretty fucking nifty

